but all right so one wanted to okay let
me restart um in the past few weeks I've
been implementing or integrating you
poured into orbit and as such it
provides now for orbit in itself has a
notion of identities and there's
currently two different identities the
default orbit identity and then the one
you port provides and the way they are
employed now on allows very easy
addition of of new identity providers to
basically provide the identity or the
user profile for orbit so one wanted to
talk about some possible ideas regarding
the Estonian electronic ID thing so one
why don't you start with what you had in
mind and if you have any questions um
related to that how that could work the
mingle Harriet's there's a thing called
during Eid that comes along with your
public art key pair that you get it
showed in a card and so on and it sounds
like the rest of the EU has already a
seminar service that's different and so
on as soon as making a big push to make
a list petty stuff easier for people to
consume it to work on and so on so the
goal will be to just see what would it
take to hook up that as i'm a kanay
provider for both you know like the
original source key with which you used
to sign here you're my key and so on I
was curious why you wait you said hey
careful don't sign you or your identity
with a password key just because you
would like cracking later on or or
worried about any any like oh that was
just curious what you were worried about
that yeah so on that note on how it
works in or with you port is that orbit
generates a key saves it um save the
public
in I PFS and adds the hash of the public
key to the Newport profile so something
similar with these services would we
would be on fairly possible i think so i
think what what whatever the possible
integration or identity provider is they
need to support similar features as you
for does so being able to add an
attribute to that profile with some kind
of an api saying here's a key that you
use this key as well as um receiving
your profile and other people's profile
so basically i want it what you need to
be able to do is say give me a profile
with this ID and if that works then then
all good if it doesn't and that this
does it work for the the orbit identity
provider because we don't have an index
for you know who's who so orbit works
slightly different in that regard but on
any other identity provider probably has
some similar ap Isis as you portes or
damn gentleman right now add the typical
set of a link to open VIP so as I can
help the complex open at efg where they
have produced we like one other
batteries at it I don't even know this
is so out of their made one like a look
at browser plugin that's like using the
open API original press reply in the
thing that it's going to go away and
they have a Chrome extension they
probably have a Firefox attention to
just come see it and then I would
imagine that this is like something that
people already have the salt and then
like you have to something some way of
like signing a token directly from from
the browser yeah definitely um can you
share that link on IRC oh yeah it's on
the in the fabric of paternity
Oh
okay got it I didn't have the Hat open
to maybe what's my i tre good yeah so um
what I am yeah I don't know how to how
do you want to kind of go about it I can
take a look at the links and see what
the libraries are and how easy that
would be to implement um and kind of
give you my perspective on that but to
be honest it boils down to their
libraries um how easy and fast that
would be yeah I make sense yep you have
take a look at the the last couple of
links to the chrome extension one like
there's a wiki part and uh yeah the
signing part yeah okay I'm a question
that was raised that I didn't hear how
its response to was one you'd asked
about the concerns regarding using a
passport how do you want to go into what
you meant by that about not wanting to
use that oh that was me who said don't
use passwords it's more of just a
general thing it you know I wouldn't be
comfortable giving my password cokin to
to whatever service so yes people can
wait to this is just like from a
tracking thing like you don't want
people to UM will be yeah oh yeah like
this would be with the scope that it is
sort of like assume that some version of
nap or bed would be for this dedicated
use case where everyone is Channing
associated with their actually than any
on some actual government I that any
issuer so this could be like cats trains
on a on a government website something
somewhere where you have like verify
that it is you're the new boom boom it's
getting here that's a good point yeah um
so why do you have anything else on that
like how do you want to move forward
with this um just may take a look at
that code that's there from these up
from this group it seems to be like in
development oh that's a couple people
there that I'm just looking at the
commit logs that these repos that they
have and they have commit sin recently
looking lost once and so on it seems to
be like this is the actual code that
people are using um I will will for more
but we can maybe see if like the chrome
extension one is easy to do or something
yeah well but also no not like don't
worry so much about it in look like it
seems to be credited for word on if you
can point me to the in any provider code
on orbit then yeah I canticle that's
this one yeah if you start working and
let me know and i can give you pointers
kind of how to mangle the data between
the different for ends okay good um
anything else no I'm good with that okay
oh sorry yeah that's nothing ally on the
profile saying and I can respond on the
issue too but wait a minute more it's
more we'll have to come up with some
standard way of storing profile data um
yeah I put basically way you have
already um and so just see if we can
make it be the same across he said many
providers so this is one standard
waiting sir yeah definitely that was
kind of the idea that every identity
provider converts to a orbit user if we
want to extend that to even bigger kind
of scope and that's fine too on it could
be part of the the whole kind of post
type of thing trying to standardize all
these formats but um I think with the
identity we're still quite far off from
figuring out what exactly that is and
how how that's going to work but let's
see we can we can now try to do
something and go from there yep that's
good all right oh I guess we're done all
right tip see see you soon
you